---
title: Editing Meeting-10-4-2013
layout: default
---
# Editing Meeting-10-4-2013 

## Connection Information 

* Call time: 10-4-2013, 2pm EST
* Connection Information:      
  * Adobe Connect
  * http://sesync.adobeconnect.com/auxconf
  * fallback dial-in: (in case your pc/laptop microphones don't work) 1-855-454-3943, code: 57900
  * [[File:Adobe_Connect_Instructions_-_remote.pdf]]

## Agenda 

* Working group check-in.
* Next steps, group resources

## Notes 

* Working group leads report out
* Data group
  * Deliverable: white paper outlining standards to be put in place across the data centers and rec to NSF about enforcing
  * Nov 22nd - draft a paper by how your center deals with data generally
  * Draft from iplant in next couple months
  * Then do eval of external data aggregators/repos
    * Why hard to integrate, use?
  * Then drafting of paper - Melissa C. recommended working out how to exchange data amongst ourselves
  * Eric asked about whether this would include evaluation data
    * Maybe a separate discussion/parallel track?
    * Maybe if building infrastructure for scientific data, can easily bootstrap for scientific data
    * Addendum to the other part
* Biocenters.org
  * Registered biocenters.org
  * Call over the next week to flesh out who will do what
  * How much to include in various revisions
  * Goal: website up by 1/1
  * iDigBio PI - buy-in; ditto SESYNC;
* Resource scheduling
  * Documenting how a center runs, what it takes technically to run a center
  * Aggregated and published on wiki
  * Neon wants to loop in the communications people with this and biocenters.org
  * Each out to nceas and cmore, maybe also for biocenters.org
* Software publishing standards
  * Looking for quick turn around, keep it lightweight
* Education
  * Smaller groups to identify the pain points, what they want their users to know.
  * Create 0-entry, two-day workshop
  * Make up list from different centers, compare lists across centers
  * Have list together by end of October, call at beginning at November
  * Tracy sending message to Bob, Steve, Michael about whether Ted Hart can be representative
  * Also want assessment on training courses
  
**Other**

* NimBios Admin DB
  * Demonstration for other centers, could pick another Fridays
  * On github in a couple months
  * Lots of interest, others planning to pull in people from their centers (Neon, iDigBio, Hilmar)
  * Shoot for end of October

[[Category:CI Coordination]]
